there's a family and on Drive one who is
not sometimes dead is better
good morning mommy where did you get
those do you have a look at your kid to
not recognize them
he's not himself it's not it's not Chris
I am
any history of disorders no family not
my son tell me the truth you know how
sometimes things line up coincidences
since we've been up here they've been
happening more and more it's like
there's this black cloud hanging over us
there's a family in our driveway so many
trees is beautiful right it's definitely
not Boston its whole place is ours
those woods belong to something else
[Music]
something brings things back
nice fishing father do you know anything
about La Llorona
the reaping woman
it was a folk down
- so
the curse of La Llorona
after you dad I got married we prayed
for a baby for so long
[Music]
he may look like us
he's now workers
[Music]
thanks again for doing this ma'am
you guys wanna party like rock stars
follow me let's get the bar is open do
you think we don't notice too much but
it's all you cool basement you're free
to do whatever you want down here but
nobody go upstairs welcome to mine nice
to meet you Maggie we went to high
school together why is my son
II smell just like your dad he's
spending time at your house
that is crazy
probably something wrong with me how
does it feel to be on the outside
[Applause]
this is the most fun I've had in a long
time
introducing your new best friend
[Music]
Chucky's
yes last question
did you know baby rattlesnakes are more
dangerous and adult ones they haven't
learned how to control how much venom
they secrete
[Music]
[Applause]
what is this place she's in the hospital
[Music]
[Applause]
this summer from Guillermo del Toro for
the next next
[Music]
you